Doc 438 - Add docs for mc support (#478)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-support-inspect.rst

======================
``mc support inspect``
======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support inspect

Description
-----------

The :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` command collects the data and metadata associated to objects at the specified path.
MinIO assembles this data from each backend drive storing an :ref:`erasure shard <minio-erasure-coding>` for each specified object.

The command produces a zip file that includes all matching files with their respective *host+drive+path*. 

You can export the contents to a JSON output for further analysis.

The resulting report is intended for use by MinIO Engineering via |SUBNET| and may contain internal or private data points.
MinIO anonymizes hostnames and IP addresses before sending or storing the report.

> Exercise caution before sending a report to a third party or posting the report in a public forum.

Author: 👍

.. note::
   
   :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` requires a MinIO deployment server from October 2021 or later. 

Wildcards
---------

> The command allows for the wildcard character, ``*``. 

Author: 👍

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support inspect ALIAS/bucket/path/**/xl.meta
   

> This command collects all ``xl.meta`` recursively.

Reviewer: all ``xl.meta`` files associated to objects at ``bucket/path/``

Author: 👍

Examples
--------

Download Metadata for an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can download the metadata for an object.
Metadata stores in an ``xl.meta`` binary file.

- MinIO alias: ``minio1``
- Bucket: ``mybucket``

> - Object: ``myobject``

Reviewer: Style nit: We can paragraphize this as:

"The following command downloads the xl.meta from ``mybucket/myobject`` on the ``minio1`` MinIO deployment

Or if we want list-style ,convert the example to use placeholders and do the list after:

```
.. code-block:: shell

   mc support inspect ALIAS/BUCKET/OBJECT/xl.meta

- Replace ``ALIAS`` with the :ref:`alias <alias>` for the MinIO deployment
- Replace ``BUCKET`` with the bucket...
- Replace ``OBJECT`` with the full path to the object...

Author: 👍

======================
``mc support inspect``
======================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support inspect

Description
-----------

> :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` allows you to collect files, including metadata files, from all backend drives based on a specified path. 

Reviewer: stylistic parity and a bit of clarity.

```suggestion
The :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` command collects the data and metadata associated to objects at the specified path.

MinIO assembles this data from each backend drive storing an :ref:`erasure shard <minio-erasure-coding>` for each specified object
```

The command produces a zip file that includes all matching files with their respective *host+drive+path*. 

> MinIO Engineering may request this output as part of diagnostics in |subnet|.

Reviewer: we go back and forth between `|subnet|` and `|SUBNET|`. I think its the latter, though it seems to work just fine. Should still be consistent if we need to find-replace it later.

> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` command to obtain raw object contents for analysis and upload it to the MinIO Subscription Network, |subnet|.

Reviewer: I'd drop these two lines, we already have this covered above.

Or use the command to download metadata for objects.

> You can read the resulting object using the MinIO debugging tool, described below.

Reviewer: I don't think this was described below. Link to :ref:`decode tool <minio-xl-meta-decode-tool>` ?

> Independent or third-party use of the output for diagnostics or remediation is done at your own risk.

Reviewer: I'd use the same block from `mc support diagnostics` w.r.t. the resulting data may contain internal or private data data points, exercise caution, etc.

.. note::
   

>    :mc-cmd:`mc support inspect` requires a MinIO host from October 2021 or later for full functionality. 

Reviewer: rather than host, the MinIO deployment server version *must* be later than October 2021.

> Install additional tools to decrypt or decode downloaded files.

Reviewer: They kind of aren't, we just link out to it - which might be fine, but instead of these lines lets just say "Use the :ref:`decode tool <minio-xl-meta-decode-tool>` to analyze the downloaded data."

Instructions are included below.

Wildcards
---------

The command allows for the wildcard character, `\`*\``. 

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support inspect ALIAS/bucket/path/**/xl.meta
   
This command collects all ``xl.meta`` recursively.

Examples
--------

> Download Metadata for an Object from All Drives

Reviewer: I think `All Drives` is implied as part of how this works - and also possibly misleading as we would only pull back as many blocks/shards as needed to reconstruct the object (I assume).

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can download the metadata for an object.
Metadata stores in an ``xl.meta`` binary file.

- MinIO alias: ``minio1``
- Bucket: ``mybucket``
- Object: ``myobject``

The file downloads from all drives as a zip archive file.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support inspect minio1/mybucket/myobject/xl.meta

> You can convert the contents of an ``xl.meta`` file to JSON format with the :ref:`decode tool <minio-xl-meta-decode-tool>`.

Reviewer: Maybe  preface with "the xl.meta file contents are not human readable. You can..."

> Download All Parts of an Object as an Encrypted Zip

Reviewer: We're missing a bit of parity here - sometimes ew talk about downloading the metadata, others all parts - but the command is identical other than encryption.

I think xl.meta is *just* the metadata, not the object itself. If so we should state that as the only thing downloaded and make that consistent on this page.

The following command downloads all of the constituent parts of an object with the following details:

- MinIO deployment alias: ``minio1``
- Bucket: ``mybucket``
- Object: ``myobject``

The file downloads as an encrypted zip file.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support inspect --encrypt minio1/mybucket/myobject*/*/part.*

You can decrypt the resulting zip file with the :ref:`decryption tool <minio-support-decryption>`

Download All Objects at a Prefix Recursively
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following command downloads all objects recursively found at a prefix.

.. caution::

   This can be an expensive operation.
   Proceed with caution.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   mc support inspect minio1/mybucket/myobject/**

Syntax
------
      
The command has the following syntax:

.. code-block:: shell

   mc [GLOBALFLAGS] support inspect       \
                            [--encrypt]   \
                            [--export]    \
                            ALIAS

Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~

.. mc-cmd:: --encrypt
   :optional:

   Encrypt contents with a one-time key for confidential data.
   

> .. mc-cmd:: --export

Reviewer: Q: does this remove the need to use the xl-decode tool?
